what is ACCOUNT_TYPE_SUPERBANNED? 

superbanned means that if the account is logged into, the mac addresc of the 
computer is autobanned.

This is to catch people who change their mac address or packet edit to bypass 
a ban.  They'd do it and try to log into the old acount only to get told their 
computer is banned, and now they can't mak another account. evil, huh?  IP 
bans don't work because of the adding of ipv6 to the network stack. It's 
something to fix.

Stuff in progress.

1) Player Shops.  they would reside in the Mysterious cave.  Currently a load 
routine for them is working, but a save is not.  A new skin color would have 
been added for these new merchants.  Currently the mysterious cave saves its 
layout to serverdat/cave.dat, so it's persistent now.  New packets and work on 
the client will probably be needed to finish this. Ther was also going to be a 
master npc at the start to use to search for stuff and teleport you to the 
shop you want.
2) pvp.  many functions have been added to allow attacking of players, but 
it's all inactive now.  Balance is intended to be very different for PVP.

There are some other disabled features you may find, like the other scythes, 
as well as a disarm skill, which is used to dismantle bombs, and had future 
plans for more uses.

To build a test server, you need to edit version.h. the edit sohuld be self 
explanatory. This is only needed if you are going to run them on the same pc.  
the testserver client uses the alt port too.

You also need to edit the icon in another file (ServerWrapper.rc) to let you 
tell the difference between the two.

There's also a now disabled anti macro because hotkeys were turned back on 
anyway, making it pointless.

The Realm of Pain was supposed to be the PVP realm. it was never made because 
bear and Pun couldn't figure out a way to balance pvp at all.  and to be fair, 
it's HARD.